
The entire distribution, once unpacked should have the following
files:

   INSTALL                    This text
   muxbotadm                  muxbot administration script
   conf/                      empty configuration directory
   example/                   directory containing example config files
      muxbot.conf.example     example muxbot configuration file
      users.conf.example      example users configuration file
   log/                       an empty log directory
   run/                       an empty run directory
   src/                       a directory containing the actual source
      cmd.pl
      ctcp.pl
      daemon.pl
      exec
      irc.pl
      local.pl
      muxbot.pl
      net.pl
      parse.pl
      socks.pl
      user.pl
      exec/                   a directory containing scripts that get execed.
         astrology.pl
         ebay.pl
         oth.pl
         profile.pl
         time.pl
         weather.pl


INSTALLATION

   The first thing you will want to do is modify the muxbotadm script
   and set an appropriate BOTPATH. This should be an absolute path
   although if you plan on only running it in the top level directory
   of the distribution, maybe setting it to . might work.

   take care that all of the *PATH variables get set to places that
   actually exist.  all variables within the script that get exported
   are used within the bot itself to locate its internal files.

   After modifying the muxbotadm script, copy the muxbot.conf.example
   file from the examples directory into the conf directory and
   modify the contents.  Each network defined within the muxbot.conf
   should have a corresponding users.conf file.  Note that it's
   perfectly acceptable to have multiple networks sharing the same
   users.conf file. 

   both the users.conf.example and the muxbot.conf.example files should
   have extensive comments which explain their format and parameters.

   once the configuration files are modified, simply run muxbotadm
   with the "start" parameter.

